chore(docs): updates README with alternatives and small edits (#11)
echobind/bisonapp: README.md

## Features

- Preconfigured for CI using [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions)
- Customizable [Hygen Templates](https://www.hygen.io/) to generate new files
- Fully wired up login/signup pages with client and server-side validation.
- Eslint pre-configured with [Echobind best practices](https://github.com/echobind/eslint-plugin-echobind)
- Pre-configured for deployment on [Vercel](https://vercel.io) with customizable branch workflow.

## Conventions

- Don't copy/paste files, use generators and Hygen templates. Need to update the generator as your project evolves? they are all in the `_templates` folder.
- Use a single command to run Next, generate Nexus types, and GraphQL types for the frontend. By doing this you can ensure your types are always up-to-date.
- Don't manually write types for GraphQL responses... use the generated query hooks from GraphQL Codegen.

> - All frontend pages are static by default. If you need something server rendered, just add `getServerSideProps` like you would in a any Next app.

Author: ```suggestion
- All frontend pages are static by default. If you need something server rendered, just add `getServerSideProps` like you would in any Next app.
```

## Tradeoffs

- To reduce complexity, Bison avoids yarn workspaces and separate top-level folders. Think of your app a bit more like a traditional monolith, but with a separate frontend and API. This means that folders may be a little more "intermingled" than your used to.
- Currently, Bison only works on Vercel. We plan to add support for Netlify soon.

## Alternatives

There are a few other projects that are rapidly maturing in the Full Stack JAMStack space.

**RedwoodJS**

> Redwood is a very promising framework we've got our eye on. We took the concept of "Cells" directly from them (though admittedly our version takes a bit more manual wiring up!).

Author: ```suggestion
Redwood is a very promising framework we've got our eye on. We took the concept of "Cells" directly from Redwood (though admittedly our version takes a bit more code!).
```
